[Instructor] So now that we have our browser or taget hooked
we can go on to commands and start
executing commands on that target.
You can use search to filter, looking for certain command
if you know what your looking for.
Or you can use the categories and look for commands
suitable to what you want to do on the targeted computer.
Some of this information gathering commands,
some of them are social engineering,
some of them will even give you full control
over the target computer.
There's a lot of commands. So once we able to go
over all of them. But I'll be showing you some of the
most important commands and examples of simple once as well.
So you know how to experiment and run the other commands.
So were starting if you go into browser you'll see commands
related to stuff that you can do inside the browser.
So you can see things that will allow you to for example
get a screen shot and you'll be able to try and gain
and turn on the web cam and see if it works.
And basically open the webcam on the target.
You can gather information, uhm if you go here
on the exploits, you'll see a number of exploits
that you can run, again depending on what's running
on the target computer, you can run them.
All you have to do is just click on the module
that you want to run and click on the execute.
Sometimes some modules need to set some options to be set up
and we'll have examples of that as well.
In the social engineering again there are some
really cool stuff that you can do and you can
show fake updates, fake notification bars
and stuff like that.
So lets have an example of a very simple command.
So again were gonna do just an alert to show an alert box
(clicking).
So I'm just using the search to filter
and you can see here this will just create an alert dialog
and its going to say "beef alert dialog".
You can modify this and type anything you want.
For exampple, I'm gonna type in "test".
And then when you hit "execute".
Go on to target, and you'll see that the target
got a message saying "test".
So this has been injected into the target browser.
And other cool thing that you can do
is the roll java script.
And this will allow you
to execute any java script you want.
So again you can look for google for a useful
java script code for example a key-logger
or whatever you want to do. Or you can write your own
if you know java script. And basically whatever
you write here will be executed on the target.
Again were only seeing an alert,
and this will only going say "beef roll java script"
I'm gonna execute,
and here we go again
we got a dialog saying "beef roll java script".
Lets see if we can get a screen shot of a target computer.
And were going to use a plug-in called "spy".
Spyder eye I think, yeah. Spyder eye.
So again, click on in, hit "execute"
then were gonna click on the command here.
Looks like this time didn't work properly.
Lets just do it again.
And here we go, as you can see
we got a screen shot of what the target person is looking up
another really good plug-in is a plug-in
its a redirect plug-in.
And it will basically allow you to
redirect the browser to any webpage you want.
This could be very useful because you can use it
to redirect the target person and tell them
that they need to download that update
and instead of giving them an update, give them a backdoor.
You can redirect them to a fake login page for example.
For Facebook, you can really anything you want with this.
So, you can set the website that you want the target
to be redirected to and were gonna redirect them to
"beef project" in this example. and once you hit execute.
As you can see here, they're redirected to "beef project".
These are some of the basic modules that you can use.
Again you can experiment with these.
Go over them and see what would be useful
in your particular situation.